Israel's military says it has carried
out more ground operations and air
strikes in Gaza overnight flares were
seen lighting up the night sky over the
territory explosions were also heard
Israel's military has been pounding Gaza
relentlessly since the Hamas terrorist
attacks of October 7th in which some
1,400 people died Hamas says thousands
of Palestinians have been killed in
Israel's air
strikes the Israeli Army says more more
than 200 people are still being held
hostage by Hamas in Gaza relatives of
the hostages are keeping up the pressure
on the Israeli government to prioritize
their
release residents of kibot kafar aah
demonstrate outside the Israeli defense
Ministry in Tel Aviv their was one of
many communities attacked on October the
7th and they want the return of their
loved ones to be the number one priority
for
Israel
I want my brother back now I want him
safe I want to make sure that he's
taking care of I want to know what his
condition I want him now bring all the
kidnapped people now to Israel now and
we do we know nothing what what's
happened with him how is how was our all
our kidna from the kibo
177 Israel is still reeling from the SC
of the attacks which saw more than 1,400
Israelis murdered by Hamas and other
militants work is still on going to
recover the remains of people
killed hundreds of thousands of Israeli
Army reservist have answered the call to
defend their Homeland civilians too are
following the government's Call to
Arms Israeli media have reported
150,000 applications for gun licenses
since the attacks
I'm here to get a gun to buy to buy a
gun and yes October 7th uh was the
trigger to make me understand it's the
time to be armed now in order to protect
my family and my surroundings if anyone
tries to hurt
us Israel says its border with Gaza is
secure now but Hamas and other militant
groups are still firing Rockets into
Israel in Tel Aviv a press conference
organized by the relatives of the
hostages is brought to an end by another
barrage from
[Music]
Gaza Let's cross over to DW's Tanya
Kramer in Jerusalem Tanya the Israeli
government is getting a lot of pressure
from the families of the hostages and
the general public uh can we say whether
that's affecting Israel's military
strategy
well that's right there is a lot of
pressure here um uh from the hostage
families but also in the general public
uh to deal with this uh hostage crisis
the um the relatives of the uh hostages
they're saying the government is not
doing uh enough to get them back and
also interestingly enough there are some
polls that are usually coming out
towards the weekend in Israeli
newspapers saying that uh there is a
trend that uh the public opinion says
May to hold off the this ground
operation uh and to see whether you know
there can be something done about uh the
negotiations now we heard from Qatar one
of the main mediators in this hostage uh
crisis that are mediating indirectly
between Hamas and Israel and also Egypt
is involved that there might be some
kind of breakthrough but that is very
much on people's mind right now
nevertheless we are hearing also from
the Israeli army they uh made another uh
targeted raid into uh the Gaza Strip
from the Eastern side into je area and
the Eastern side in Gaza during the
night they're saying targeting their
again
infrastructure uh they went out again
and all of this of course again while uh
artillery fire continues on the Gaza
Strip also massive air strike campaign
on the Gaza Strip also in the south of
Gaza where Israel has told gazen
residents the civilian population to
seek
shelter Tanya we're getting reports also
of uh US air strikes against several
targets inside Syria how does that fit
into the bigger picture
here well we understand from the US that
they these were retaliatory strikes with
done by Two fighter jets f-16s on
targets belonging to Iranian proxies or
from the Iranian revolutionary God
they're saying they have have been
attacks on us Personnel in the area of
Syria and Iraq in the past couple of uh
weeks or days I have to say and this
strikes they were in Syria near to the
Iraqi uh border um the US officials said
that the strikes were not coordinated
with uh Israel and we also heard in a
statement from US defense secretary
Lloyd Austin that basically these are
not related to the Israel Hamas War so
they want to make
you know a difference here but at the
same time we also understand there's a
lot of concern that this war in the
south in in Gaza would you know uh
develop into a wider region War and the
US has sent many military assets to the
region to the Eastern Mediterranean in
the past couple of weeks tny thank you
very much that was our correspondent T
Kramer in
Jerusalem